Feature/create rag service (#53)
HewlettPackard/llmesh: src/platform/app_backpanel/tools/rag/query_expantion.txt

Reviewer: Filename typo - `query_expansion.txt`

You are a helpful expert research assistant. 

> Augment the given question according traslating it to english and using verb 
> or, if specified, modal verb like technical documentations.

Reviewer: It seems there is two typos and I'm not sure I quite understand what this sentence is doing
```suggestion
Augment the given question accordingly translating it to english and using verb 
or, if specified, modal verb like technical documentations.
```
